Docs: chromatic and playwright. (#826)
eventespresso/barista: packages/e2e-tests/README.md

```

Finally, navigate to http://localhost:8888 in your web browser to see WordPress running with the local WordPress plugin or theme running and activated. Default login credentials are username: `admin` password: `password`.

## Playwright

Playwright is the headless end-to-end library for testing user interactions with the app.
Given `wp-env` environment `playwright` provides the [APIs](https://playwright.dev/docs/api/class-playwright) needed to interact with it's browsers: Chromium, WebKit and Firefox.

### Playwright test runner

Currently, we're using [Jest as a test runner](https://github.com/playwright-community/jest-playwright). As an alternative there is Playright's own [runner](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright-test).

### Headless mode

> By default `playwright` is running in headless mode, but for debugging purposes locally we can run tests in full-fledged browser via this command: `HEADLESS=true yarn test:e2e` or if there is a need to focus on a single test via this approach: `HEADLESS=true yarn test:e2e packages/e2e-tests/specs/dummy.test.ts`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `playwright` runs in headless mode, but for debugging purposes locally, we can run tests in full-fledged browser (headful mode) by setting environment variable `HEADLESS` to `false`. For example, `HEADLESS=false yarn test:e2e` (For Unix), `Set HEADLESS=false;  yarn test:e2e` (Windows) .
If there is a need to focus on a single test, we can use: `HEADLESS=false yarn test:e2e packages/e2e-tests/specs/dummy.test.ts`
```

Author: thank you

```

Finally, navigate to http://localhost:8888 in your web browser to see WordPress running with the local WordPress plugin or theme running and activated. Default login credentials are username: `admin` password: `password`.

## Playwright

Playwright is the headless end-to-end library for testing user interactions with the app.
Given `wp-env` environment `playwright` provides the [APIs](https://playwright.dev/docs/api/class-playwright) needed to interact with it's browsers: Chromium, WebKit and Firefox.

### Playwright test runner

> Currently, we're using [Jest as a test runner](https://github.com/playwright-community/jest-playwright). As an alternative there is Playright's own [runner](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright-test).

Author: I tried to use `playwright-test` when I was setting up e2e, but smth wasn't working and that's why I went with `jest`.
If there will be a decision to swap `jest` it shouldn't be a lot of effort involved.
